updated concepts real-time executor (#267)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _docs/concepts/client_library/real-time_executor/index.md

    * Extended arguments of create\_callback\_group function for the real-time class.
    * Removed the get\_associated\_with\_executor\_atomic function.

> The callback-grouplevel executor has been merged into ROS 2 rclcpp in [pull request 1218](https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/pull/1218/commits).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The callback-group-level executor has been merged into ROS 2 rclcpp in [pull request 1218](https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/pull/1218/commits).
```

URL: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8376277&isnumber=8376259
-->

## References

> * [L2020]<a name="L20202"></a> Ralph Lange: Advanced Execution Management with ROS 2, ROS-Industrial Conference, Dec 2020 [[Slides]](https://micro-ros.github.io/download/2020-12-16_Advanced_Execution_Management_with_ROS_2.pdf)

Reviewer: Is the 20202 intended?

Author: Fixed typo.
